A Note to Prospective Users and Contributors
============================================

In many ways, ledgerbil is tuned to my own usage of ledger. It will be
fine with me if I'm the only one that ever uses it.

*However,* I heart emoji free software and am happy to share my work and
would be thrilled if others find ledgerbil useful. I don't necessarily
want to make this thing rigidly conform to my own use cases, but the
likelihood of that happening grows greater by the day.

Please let me know if you try it and run into problems. Many of those
problems I'll either be unable or unwilling to address, because I'm
terrible, but there are many others for which the opposite will be true.
Ledger has so many features and I use a fairly small subset. I'd like to
make ledgerbil as flexible as possible for reading files that use a
larger subset, even if it doesn't know what to do about that subset.

I'm also open to other contributors! But you'll have to suffer my
mediocre coding skills and practices. If you submit a PR for something
really good, I might not understand it enough to feel comfortable
maintaining it. Or I might be overly picky about how I think ledgerbil
should work. Please let me know if there's something you'd like to do so
I can help you decide if it's worth your time. (Obviously you're free to
do whatever you want with your own copy.)

Please format code with black and isort imports using the project's
settings files for these programs.

One thing that bothers me is the horrendous state of naming things and
that dollars are assumed. I'd be interested in someday describing things
more generically in terms of commodities and amounts, but, *phew,* that
will be a lot of work.

The state of documentation for ledgerbil reflects my doubts on whether
it will in fact be useful and used by others. I'd like to have great,
thorough documentation, but if it's just me, is it worth my time? I
think you'll find that several things are well-documented and others not
at all, and I'm sorry about that if you are searching and finding the
docs lacking.
